Add documentation for cluster-level coordination setting changes (#6336)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/cluster-settings.md

    Default is `all`. 

- `cluster.persistent_tasks.allocation.recheck_interval` (Time unit): The cluster manager automatically checks whether persistent tasks need to be assigned when the cluster state changes in a significant way. There are other factors, such as memory usage, that will affect whether persistent tasks are assigned to nodes but do not otherwise cause the cluster state to change. This setting defines how often assignment checks are performed in response to these factors. Default is `30 seconds`, with a minimum of `10 seconds` being required.

## Cluster-level index settings

For information about index-level index settings, see [Cluster-level index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/#cluster-level-index-settings).

> ## Cluster-level Coordination settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cluster-level coordination settings
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

OpenSearch supports the following cluster-level coordination settings. All settings in this list are dynamic:

```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the timeout duration for each node, indicating the period it waits for a response from the cluster manager during a leader check before deeming it as a failure. It can now be set dynamically through Update cluster settings API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time a node waits for a response from the cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. 
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the timeout duration for the cluster manager, specifying the duration it waits for a response during a follower check before deeming it as a failure. It can now be set dynamically through Update cluster settings API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure.
```

    Default is `all`. 

- `cluster.persistent_tasks.allocation.recheck_interval` (Time unit): The cluster manager automatically checks whether persistent tasks need to be assigned when the cluster state changes in a significant way. There are other factors, such as memory usage, that will affect whether persistent tasks are assigned to nodes but do not otherwise cause the cluster state to change. This setting defines how often assignment checks are performed in response to these factors. Default is `30 seconds`, with a minimum of `10 seconds` being required.

## Cluster-level index settings

For information about index-level index settings, see [Cluster-level index settings]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/index-settings/#cluster-level-index-settings).

## Cluster-level coordination settings

OpenSearch supports the following cluster-level coordination settings. All settings in this list are dynamic:

> - `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time a node waits for a response from the cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. 

Reviewer 2: We should also mention the default timeout here.

Reviewer 3: +1, let us mention the default and min/max values

Reviewer 2: @niyatiagg you can include `Changing this setting from the default value may cause an unstable cluster.` as the last sentence here.

> - `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time a node waits for a response from the cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time a node waits for a response from the elected cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. 
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time a node waits for a response from the elected cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time a node waits for a response from the elected cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time a node waits for a response from the elected cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. Possible value can range from `1ms` to `60s` with default being `10s`. Changing this setting from the default value can result into an unstable cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.leader_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time a node waits for a response from the elected cluster manager during a leader check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure.

Reviewer 2: Need default timeout here as well.

Reviewer 3: +1, let us mention the default and min/max values

Reviewer 2: Here as well `Changing this setting from the default value may cause an unstable cluster.` last sentence.

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure.
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): The amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.
```

> - `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure. Possible value can range from `1ms` to `60s` with default being `10s`. Changing this setting from the default value can result into an unstable cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.fault_detection.follower_check.timeout` (Time unit): Determines the amount of time the elected cluster manager waits for a response during a follower check before deeming the check as a failure. Valid values are from `1ms` to `60s`, inclusive. Default is `10s`. Changing this setting to a value other than the default can result in an unstable cluster.
```
